here's a close-up of the screen
protector after it's been applied as you
guys know I got a small scratch
on my screen right down there
I just want the cheapest screen
protectors I could find on amazon as it
came in that package like this it was
like 350 350 for me
3-pack of these screen protectors
become laminated on both sides
you take off one sticker you take off
one
one side before you apply it and then
turn
you'll be sticky and then just put it on
got the wipe it clean make sure
everything's really clean and you put it
on
after that you pull up the others other
side which is a clear it's laminated
clear clear film on the each side just
peel that side off so it's very thin
quite scratch resistant plastic is
pretty smooth it doesn't really affect
the screen that's why i like it i like
that i like the gloss it kind of retains
the same look and feel you can't really
is hard to notice it on but it doesn't
really bother me and it's been working
great so far but it's it was really
difficult to apply little dust specks
get kept getting caught in it and the
way I did it was I just removed it and i
rinsed it under some water and I just
shook it off and then
I clean the screen you just use this
little cloth and I had a little dust
blower I blew the dust off and I put it
on like three or four times before I
could get get it on without any dust
specks in it because any little dust
speck will show up under the screen as
like little air bubbles and which is
kind of not really ideal but yeah that's
the way I recommend doing that's the way
I did it I just rinsed it off in some
water nature is really clean and then I
did it a few times but make sure to
shake off the water and try not to get
too much on your screen it is glass so
it won't really affect it but if he gets
into the buttonholes it might cause a
problem I just had a little paper towel
I just dried it off with after I laid it
on and I just use my hands to press out
all the air bubbles
as I put it on
you can see I think it looks pretty good
you have the link off i'll put the link
in the description where i bought these
off amazon three dollars fifty cents
free comes up a little came
with a little applicator
but I didn't really I didn't really use
it i just use my hands i put a little
bit of water on it and I squeezed it out
squeeze out all the air bubbles and make
sure it was
see is pretty I like the clear I like
the cleaners
can't really see it go farther away
go go get your the Amazon link is in the
description
and I ordered a little
ordered a rubber case to on the floor
the back but that hasn't come yet should
come tomorrow I got it off ebay I'll
show you guys that when I get it
you